Rex Reed hates it so it HAS to be good. I mean, how do you start a review (a probably well paid "critic's" review, mind you) with a declaration that you already went into the film with the plan to hate on it?
Wonderful movie. Few, minor, flaws. High quality Marvel movie as usual. Would recommend. Diffidently one to see in a movie theater. Just look at the user review ratio and that should tell you it's worthwhile. Always going to be those that can not be satisfied, but don't let them scare you off from enjoying this film.
I liked the movie but the story was a bit weak and i wanted more from the bad guy. I feel like marvel is just coping the comic books they did years and put them into movies, the movie wasnt bad wasnt good
Yes this may not be the movie of the year or even the best marvel movie this year. That was x men in my opinion. But this was good entertaining fun for the whole family lots of action good heart and humor u can't go wrong seeing this movie go see it take the family take a date or go alone just see it u won't be disappointed by your choice of seeing it good way to get away from the stress of reality and Christmas rush so much fun and plenty of action
As with most of the positive reviews, this is a must-see movie albeit not as full-on balls to the walls action as say a movie like Captain America Civil War, but nonetheless deserves to be heard and seen. This one surprised me as there were alot of humor in this one. Professional critics have their own opinion about green screen movies and they love throw movies like these into the ground and stomp on it with delight, this is a free country after all, they're entitled to their opinions, when the 1st Amendment Free Speech is taken away from us that's when you'll have to ask yourself which president did you choose to vote for?
Here is the video review link: https://youtu.be/2UhSKzt9mL8
Cumberbatch’s screen presence, Comic timing & inimitable ability to breathe new life into characters, work wonders for Doctor Strange.
He perfectly enacts the character’s fall from grace and his eventual rise into a superhero.
Doctor Strange has plenty of action that kept me entertained.
The space-and-time warping and mirrored realities are Superb.
Doctor Strange lines up strong actors who can hold our attention.
Gives the audience almost everything they’d need in a comic book adaptation film
Amazing & mind-bending visuals, Good performances, needed more exposition, under-developed villain, a bit formulaic but was fun to watch with great action set pieces. But the movies does a very good job of introducing the mystic arts and multi-dimensions to the MCU and also tells a good origin story one of the unknown characters within a 2 hr time span which is feat of its own. All in all, It was a very good movie but not one of Marvel's best.
Ok guys its not the best movie but a think it is a very dificult to transfer a comic carachter on the cinema so if you are thinking of this movie is very good- SO...
The cast of this movie plays their roles good, but the one who plays his role so good is Benedict Cumberbatch. And the best thing about the movie is the special effects. One thing I didn't expect is that this movie is so funny. And the 3rd act isn't like every Marvel movie because this movie do the 3rd act differently and I don't want to spoil it. The only grip I have is the villain because his motives is weak. I highly recommend to see this movie in 3D.
Doctor Strange was a step in a new direction for Marvel.  Marvel went outside the classic superhero theme, and came out with a different (but not necessarily good) story. Benedict Cumberbatch played the role of Doctor Strange very well, but there were other problems.  The plot was fairly predictable, and CGI graphics were over-used in some scenes.  There were a few attempts at comedy, and some (but not all) were actually amusing.  Overall, Doctor Strange was a good solid movie.  Not Marvel's best, but certainly an entertainer.
Although Doctor Strange ist the visually strongest entry of the Marvel Cinematic Universe so far and the plot is profound, the character treatment disappoints at certain stances.
VORSICHT DEUTSCH:-) Marvel goes Magic. Nach Guardians of the Galaxy für mich der beste Marvel Film aus dem MCU bisher! Wieder einmal schafft es Marvel trotz seiner althergebrachten Formel einen frischen Film aus dem Hut zu zaubern. Und das ganz ohne ein Action-Effect Finale wie üblich. Außerdem funktioniert der film auch sehr gut für Filmfreunde die nichts mit dem MCU anfangen können. Zauberhafte Unterhaltung wünscht euer Rewswiss
Visuals are the only good thing DS has to offer. The jokes are childish and only manage to make the audience smirk and grin.
The final showdown is a s pathetic as the vilains. Why did Dormammu actually agree to Strange`s bargain? Couldn't he just tell Hanibal Le Chiffre to take the Eye of Agomoto from the ROOKIE sorcerers neck and destroy the sanctum with ease. But no.
a predictable formula that only impresses with its visuals not its cast or storyline.
