Mads Mikkelsen is awesome but way underutilized. His character was weak, as was his motivation.
One of the top few MCU movies, visually stunning, thrilling and much funnier than I was expecting (for some reason). I'd heard about the whitewashing thing, and while it's certainly unfortunate and problematic, and Michelle Yeoh (for instance) would probably have also made a good Ancient One, Tilda is undeniably fantastic in the role (as always). Ditto Benibatch, Ejiofor, McAdams, Wong and Mikkelsen. Given the magical stuff, it felt a bit apart from the other Avenger movies - not a bad thing - but as soon as Wong said 'infinity stone' it slid into place. Time will tell (sorry) how the good doctor plays with the established (and yet to be established) Avengers, but as a standalone film this one rocks.
If you want a film that will take you on a visual journey, look no further. However, if you want a film with a story that will keep you hooked in, keep on looking. 7.4/10
So good!!! Just watched it and LOVED it. The graphics are amazing!!! REALLY recommended
Dazzling effects and enthusiastic performances launch the latest entry into the MCU with finesse. Cumberbatch delivers an intriguing character who expertly fits the successful design of Marvel's recent protagonists, matching heroic action and paced humor without succumbing to predictable constraints, and a well-balanced cast of expert actors and actresses carries a script filled with action, comedy, and mystery. Scott Derrickson's direction ties it all together without ever disengaging viewers, resulting in one of the most entertaining and visually magnificent spectacles of the MCU to date. A worthy entry to the existing saga and a thoroughly entertaining film on its' own, "Doctor Strange" entrances and excites -- well worth a chance from Marvel loyalists and newcomers alike.
Its like a bunch of special effects guys get together and see what kind of awesome crap they can pull off this time
Pretty and well polished film, although a bit uninspired and sort of dull towards the second half of the film. As with most marvel movies, the plot suffers from having a forgettable villain, but as expected, Cumberbatch carries most of the film with his charm. Honestly expected it to be a bit more weirder thinking Marvel would be willing to take a little more risk now but they have chosen to play it safe once again. You know exactly what you are going to see when you pay to watch a Marvel universe film, so if you enjoy their films, this movie fits right into their narrative, and if you are quite sick of Marvel films, you will hate them even more for the same materials they bring to the table every film. Also felt a bit like an old school Wu-Xia novel which I thought was pretty neat.
Had me laughing more than I expected. There was a significant portion that reminds people of a certain age of times they would have watched the wall or malice in wonderland
Shockingly good. Definitely a need to see in theater, I think special effects may lose something at home on tv. Good flick
Dr Strange sums up what going to the movies is all about. The stunning visual, complimented by a charming protagonist and with a neat story that doesn't attempt to be too smart or condescending. Strange is a wonderful watch.
Cape should be nominated
In the end, Doctor Strange will attract the Marvel loyalists and perform well at the box office, but should be remembered as one of the weaker superhero introductions to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Really like it, i enjoy it
Another origin tale. A really trippy one at that.
Brilliantly acted and directed, Doctor Strange also boasts some of the best special effects in recent memory. The major problem is the plot, as this is becoming almost redundant and predictable in the MCU origin films.
An amazing addition to the MCU, Doctor Strange is an outstanding film with one of the best visual effects seen in any superhero film. Benedict Cumberbatch was the perfect man for the job as the mind-bending Doctor Strange.
The effects were amazing. Doctor Strange is one of the few movies that actually makes good use of 3D. And the writers brought a healthy helping of funny.
Absolutamente genial!!!!!!!!
Psychedelic, entertaining, Benedict Cumberbatch is hot af fight me, but The Ancient One absolutely should have been portrayed by a Southeast Asian actress. Preferably someone from, oh I don't know, Nepal???
Good acting, amazing and innovative visuals, and great action scenes. Doctor Strange's character feels underdeveloped, the villain (Kaecilius, played by Mads Mikkelsen) also feels underdeveloped but unlike Doctor Strange isn't as likable or enjoyable to watch, but that's more the fault of the script than it is Mad's fault, who to his credit is a actually a great actor. The whole movie feels rushed, and an extra twenty or thirty minuets could have done it more justice.
